Love is a cruel game of survival.
Are you confident you can win?
Are you kidding me right now?
I'll give it my all.
I'll try to get the chance to go.
If I do. will you come with me?
I'm talking right now. That's rude.
Come back in five minutes.
Or you want to come with me now?
Seriously. that was so annoying.
Love is an intense rush of dopamine.
Hold on. Aren't you moving too fast?
Want me to bite you?
I just imagined it.
Wait.
I can't think straight.
I was still thinking
about that massage today.
Sorry. We forgot to bring
our wedding invitations.
Do I fall in love too easily?
I hope this doesn't make you
feel pressured.
But I do want you to care.
I'm a pretty piece of trash.
Love is about perfect timing.
If we'd talked sooner.
things might've been different.
Why are things such a mess for me?
There's an uninvited guest.
Is the game about to change?
I guess you had fun in Paradise yesterday.
I was waiting for you.
If you're curious. stay.
-I am curious.
-Then stay.
A place where you can experience
everything about love.
My feelings have grown.
so it's really confusing.
I gave you too many mixed signals.
It felt like I messed with one's feelings.
You were shutting me out earlier.
She is pushing me away a little.
Seriously. within ten days.
I honestly never imagined it.
This is the hottest inferno in the world.
Single's Inferno.
SINGLE'S INFERNO
HANHAE. KIM JIN-YOUNG.
HONG JIN-KYUNG. LEE DA-HEE. KYUHYUN
Just as we'd anticipated.
My heart is racing.
You know. every time we do this.
my heart starts to race.
Right?
There's something about it…
Last year. Single's Inferno
was the most talked about show.
Right.
I looked into what could be
the talk of this season.
Apparently. the nights in Paradise
were hotter than any other season.
That scene of the bedroom
is bothering me a bit.
Weren't they in the same bed?
-They were.
-Yeah.
It's time for our country
to progress to some extent too.
Of course.
It's time for the next step.
But is that really progress?
And do we have to be the ones to do it?
Still. since we're at it.
We got a little preview earlier.
But when it comes to emotions.
they express everything so honestly.
They don't hide anything
and just show their raw emotions.
So I can't wait to see
how the other person
receives and responds to them.
PROFESSIONS AND AGES CANNOT BE REVEALED
Why are we the ones leaning forward?
-It's instinct.
-To look.
Because we need to check carefully.
She's so…
-She's beautiful.
-Beautiful.
Hello. my name is Lee Si-an.
I've constantly been in relationships.
But right now. I'm single.
which is a rare occasion.
So I applied.
because I wanted to experience
a fiery. passionate romance.
I want a whirlwind romance.
A really emotional one.
My attractive qualities
are my cat-like eyes.
kissable lips.
and my figure.
Up until the sixth grade.
I was a competitive swimmer.
And I still enjoy it as a hobby.
I think I'm a natural athlete.
Whenever I find someone attractive.
I usually approach them first.
I don't think I've ever failed
to get into a relationship.
The kind of person I want to
meet on Single's Inferno
is someone with a strong inner self.
Because he'll have to
dive into a whirlwind romance
with me.
Hello. my name is Chung You-jin.
I think I get asked out often.
At a friend's wedding.
six guys showed interest in me
all at once.
I've been told that I'm adorable. lovable.
cute. and a little quirky.
Someone once said
it was as if there were
hearts floating around me.
As a hobby. I enjoy freediving.
When I begin to move freely
in that silence underwater.
I feel like a mermaid. and I love it.
When I'm in front
of someone I'm attracted to.
I subconsciously keep sweeping my hair
to the side like this.
I'd ask. "Have you eaten?"
-Hello.
-Can I sit anywhere?
-Yes. you can.
Did you notice
how they scanned each other?
They can't help it.
Both are beautiful.
but they have different vibes.
-So different.
-Gosh. her cuteness.
My name is Kim Min-seol.
I have a puppy-like face.
So when I get close to someone.
I tend to show my puppy-like energy.
I often hear that I'm like a Maltese
and that I'm lovable and full of cuteness.
I'm definitely going to win all the games.
I'm quite competitive.
So if I need to
win the love of a guy I like.
I'd go after them
with fierce determination.
I'll dive right in without hesitation.
Woof. woof!
Hello.
We naturally left seats open next to us.
You're right.
Where will the guys sit when they come?
Right. It's something to watch out for.
True.
It's another woman.
-What?
-It's a woman?
It's a woman.
Another woman?
My name is Bae Ji-yeon.
I usually work out a lot.
so I'm confident about my figure.
My hobby is horseback riding.
The feeling of cutting through the wind
is so refreshing and enjoyable.
My ideal type is someone with a fit body.
I especially tend to look
at their shoulders.
I don't want to go out with anyone
who seems too calculating.
But why aren't the guys…
I know. right?
-There are only two seats left.
-You're right.
Someone's coming.
No way.
-Look at her expression.
-Her expression.
I love it!
It's so good.
My name is Kim Hye-jin.
I get asked out quite often.
I usually have this many messages
piled up in my inbox.
People say I do a lot of silly things.
Even in the street. I start dancing
if I become really excited.
I often hear that I'm unpredictable.
When I like someone.
I tend to stare at them intently
without realizing it.
They all end up
falling for me when I do that.
There aren't any guys here.
You're right.
Hello. my name is Kim A-rin.
I joined Single's Inferno.
because I thought I could meet
people who are attractive
on the inside and outside like me.
I think I have a surprising charm.
People often say I seem cold and aloof.
But I'm actually an easygoing person.
Since I was young.
I often heard I was pretty.
Guys frequently tell me
that I'm the most beautiful woman
they've ever seen.
Wow. this generation says
things like that so casually.
Now. this is Single's Inferno.
-Hello.
Only the farthest seat is left.
Hello.
The mood's not good right now.
Just look.
This is the best we've ever seen.
I think
all the women who have appeared
are flawlessly beautiful. so…
How were they able to find these people?
I feel like 90% of men
would be instantly interested
in Si-an when they first see her.
I also think Si-an is quite dazzling.
but when you look closely.
she also has very cute features
that make her incredibly charming.
But she mentioned
she would like a whirlwind romance.
Right.
I'm already feeling scared.
I think she'll go back and forth a lot.
I agree.
Personally. I think Si-an
-and Min-seol will be really popular.
-Right.
With Min-seol. her smile was so beautiful
that it really stuck with me.
On top of that. she has that cute charm.
"Woof. woof"?
That kind of cuteness comes off
as an endearing kind of charm.
Or how about You-jin?
She seems like a bright person.
She looks cheerful and kind.
People are naturally drawn to that.
So is it just the women on the show today?
Maybe.
-It's tough to say.
-Exactly.
Are they going to compete
to reach Paradise?
Isn't it over?
-In the end. it was just us women.
-Right.
What's going on?
I wonder what's happening.
It feels like we've been just left here.
What?
Someone's coming.
They're coming.
Look at those veins.
Her expression's so different
than it was before.
But there aren't any chairs.
There are no chairs here.
You're right. What's going on?
-Do we say hello?
-Hello.
Hello.
That startled me.
Greetings. singles.
Ladies. please stand up.
Now. we're going to match the couples
who will go on a date in Paradise.
Right now?
…match the couples
who will go on a date in Paradise.
Right now?
-From the start?
-Right away?
Incredible.
Isn't that a bit too fast?
All the guys aren't here.
-They haven't seen the others.
-I know.
Right now?
I got chills.
Seriously. I got goosebumps up to my ears.
I thought. "Already?
It's only been ten seconds since we met."
The man who came in first place.
please choose the person
you'd like to go to Paradise with.
My gosh.
…please choose the person
you'd like to go to Paradise with.
-First place?
-My gosh.
-What? First?
-First?
-I guess someone already won.
-I guess so.
Is that why his arm muscles are pumped up?
-He just finished his battle.
-Yeah.
What did he come in first in?
Did they play a game?
This is unbelievable.
WOMEN'S INFERNO
-"One hour ago"?
-They arrived an hour ago?
MEN'S INFERNO
There's a Men's Inferno too.
They're separated.
This place looks bleak already.
Hello. my name is Kim Te-hwan.
I'm full of self-love.
and I have unshakable self-confidence.
I've known I was handsome
ever since I was born.
Even in arguments.
people would often calm down
after just looking at my face.
Jeez…
-He's not that handsome.
-Seriously.
Isn't that a bit of a reach?
Whenever I look in the mirror.
I sometimes feel
like I could get lost in my own eyes.
I've given up
countless career opportunities
and prioritized love
over work throughout my life.
So I don't think anyone
is more serious about love than I am.
So he's saying he neglected his work.
He basically neglected work
and was busy dating instead.
It just shows
how sincere he is about love.
Hello. my name is Kook Dong-ho.
The parts of my appearance
I'm most confident about
are my tall height and camel-like eyes.
For first impressions.
people often say I seem a bit cold.
But I'm actually warm-hearted and gentle.
Warm-hearted and very expressive…
Right. two seconds later.
Very expressive and warm-hearted.
I forgot to say "I am."
-He's cute.
-There are people like him.
-He's likeable.
-Yeah.
-I agree.
-Kook Dong-ho.
-He left a lasting impression.
-He did.
I'll actively approach
the person I'm interested in
and win her over for sure.
My name is Jang Theo.
If I were to describe
my personality in one sentence.
it would be. "I'm like a bulldozer."
I'm bold and straightforward.
I don't worry about what others think.
I'm not calculating.
and I don't play hard to get.
When it comes to my looks.
I know I'm not everyone's type.
I'm very popular among those
who go for the bad boy type.
But I tend to get rejected by women
who prefer guys with a more gentle
and puppy-like appearance.
What?
What do you think about that greeting?
It's the worst way to start.
It's fallen out of favor
in the hip-hop scene too.
Really?
It's illegal
to greet someone like that now.
I didn't expect to hear that here.
-Hello.
Hello.
I'm Jang Theo.
-Jang Theo?
-Jang Theo.
-Yes.
-I'm Kim Te-hwan.
-Kim Te-hwan.
I'm Kook Dong-ho.
Nice to meet you.
You're so full of energy.
I wanted to give
a strong. assertive first impression.
I expected to see tough-looking people
with good physiques.
so I wanted to say. "Yo. what's up?"
But the moment I said that.
they greeted me so warmly
and that totally caught me off guard.
I guess three ladies will arrive now.
-Yes.
-Right?
My name is Kim Jeong-su.
I think what makes me attractive
is my deep. reassuring voice.
It's not something you can obtain
just out of sheer effort.
That's why I think it's my biggest weapon.
When it comes to the person I like.
I tend to act like a golden retriever.
I think I strive for a playful
and affectionate relationship.
What if two more men end up coming?
I thought there would be
at least one woman here.
I was a bit flustered.
Someone's coming.
I just saw someone's head pass by.
What?
-It seems to be a woman.
-Yes.
What?
Wait.
A tough-looking guy is coming.
-What?
-Wait.
Yuk?
It's Yuk!
-Isn't he famous?
-He is.
Hello. my name is Yuk Jun-seo.
I applied because I could have
new experiences absent in daily life.
and I was curious
about the kinds of relationships
I could develop by meeting new people.
In terms of physical strength.
I work out regularly.
And as a former UDT soldier.
I'm definitely confident.
Everyone assumes that I'm popular.
But in reality.
that's not the case at all.
Contrary to my appearance.
I think people have said
that I look cute.
I think I've often heard
that I was kind of cute.
People might expect me to be rigid.
but I'm nothing
like the typical image of a soldier.
I'm just an ordinary guy.
like those my age.
I can be pretty clumsy and carefree.
So when people see
that side of me in a positive light.
they say that I'm cute.
-Wow.
-That's right.
If he's a former UDT soldier.
do you know him personally?
I don't know him personally.
We were in different units.
But we served at the same time.
I see.
And he was already
a sensation on another show.
-That's right.
-On The Iron Squad.
I see.
Greetings. singles.
This isolated place you are in
is Men's Inferno.
We were right.
The women are isolated
in another place called Women's Inferno.
That's disappointing.
I know. right?
I was hoping for some excitement.
You are not allowed to reveal
your age or occupation in Inferno.
INFERNO RULES
PROFESSIONS AND AGES CANNOT BE REVEALED
If you successfully become a couple.
you can escape Inferno
and spend a night in Paradise.
Now.
the men will play a game
to win a date in Paradise.
-We're doing it right away.
-Already?
Everyone. please gather at the pool.
Damn.
I thought we'd make
our first impressions and go to Paradise.
so I was a bit disappointed.
Based on first impressions.
I thought I would've obviously gone first.
It seems Te-hwan tends to make
baseless thoughts on his own.
What I'm really curious about is
did any male participants
leave a strong impression on you?
For me. it was Dong-ho.
Theo. and Jeong-su.
These guys left a strong impression.
Dong-ho and Theo have
completely different appealing qualities.
-Yes.
-Dong-ho is very gentle.
You're right.
-Theo looks pretty fierce.
-He does.
I think he has a unique personality.
And Jeong-su is actually my type.
-So…
-What about him makes him your type?
-His looks?
-Various things.
-I think we'd click.
-He has a nice voice.
-Yes. he does.
-You're right.
I think as long as Te-hwan
just doesn't talk.
he could get picked.
How can you not talk?
No. no talking.
-With just his looks…
-Right.
He could attract plenty of interest.
But if he talks too much.
he'll turn them off.
But I think Te-hwan has the best physique.
You're right.
When I first saw Theo.
I thought he was a braggart.
But then. the way he walks
with that swagger
made me think that could look cute too.
-He has a bit of playfulness.
-Yes.
Yuk Jun-seo…
I think he'd do well
on one-on-one dates.
-Yeah.
-I agree.
He doesn't like to impose.
-True.
-Right.
It's like he's straight out
of a romance comic book.
-Yeah.
-With his long hair.
He's like a sickly prince.
-"Sickly"!
-In what way?
Sick but beautiful.
But he takes off his shirt
and his body…
-It's unexpected.
-That's right.
BACK TO ONE HOUR LATER
WOMEN'S INFERNO
What?
It's Jun-seo.
He has a long reach.
Goodness.
This is a battle
between reach and strength.
Damn it!
He's like a black stallion.
-Really.
-He doesn't smile at all.
-A wild horse.
-Exactly.
Wow. look at his body.
That was intense.
UDT is a different level.
-Hello.
Hello.
What?
He's just standing there.
This is a bit scary.
I'm so scared.
"Scary"!
Come on. smile a bit.
Right?
It's like he's picking his opponent.
The man who came in first place.
please choose the person
you'd like to go to Paradise with.
This is fun.
Who will he choose?
Sorry. I have to look.
If she smiles like that.
it's hard not to look.
You'd fall for that.
You-jin did that intentionally.
It's because of the sunlight…
I see.
Her hair…
She said before she swipes it.
-She swept it.
-Yes. she mentioned it earlier.
It's true.
He's fallen for her!
-He did?
-Yeah. he did.
This person on the left.
I'll go with her.
-Who?
-On the left?
-Who's on the left?
Is it Si-an?
This person on the left.
I'll go with her.
Thank you.
-It's You-jin.
-I see.
-Yeah. you can't deny it.
You need to smile a lot.
I guess so. It creates a connection.
She just keeps smiling.
The man who came in first place.
please take the hand of the person
you've chosen and leave for Paradise.
Let's go.
-They say we need to hold hands.
-Yes. it's okay.
They're leaving right from the start.
The side where I was
blinded you the most. right?
I guess so.
-I'm sorry.
-The sun was right behind me.
You were glowing.
-He's acting awkward.
-I know.
-It's cute.
-I see why people say he's cute.
All I remember was his intense gaze.
It was so scary that it stuck in my mind.
But after he smiled once.
he seemed to have a gentle side.
I have a question.
You-jin kept smiling
as soon as he arrived.
Was that a tactic?
It was.
-Tactic?
-What's there to smile about?
What was funny about that situation?
Nothing at all.
Yet…
She continued to smile. It was a tactic.
A tactic.
You-jin's tactic.
People like her get really mad
at their moms at home.
-Wait. We're not sure about that.
-It's a tactic.
Yes. I can't tell for sure.
I get mad at my mom a lot.
-It was about herself.
-Mom. I'm sorry.
Is the guy who came
in second coming too?
How many of them
do you think will show up?
-Two more?
-Maybe three total?
-So top three?
-Yes. I think so.
Someone's coming.
-What?
-He's very tall.
-Is it Dong-ho?
-Hold on.
-Is it Jeong-su?
-Jeong-su?
Jeong-su? Isn't it Te-hwan?
Hello.
-It's Jeong-su.
-Jeong-su.
As expected. his physique is…
Hello.
-Hello.
-Nice to meet you.
The man who came in second place.
please choose the person
you'd like to go to Paradise with.
-Look at these tactics.
-Ji-yeon!
-You have to try eagerly.
-They're desperate now.
-Yeah.
-Yes.
Hye-jin is dropping a lot of hints.
-What?
-Si-an too.
I think it'll be Hye-jin or Si-an.
Look at Si-an.
There she goes. Si-an and Hye-jin!
Her smile's different from before.
I'll choose the second person.
The second person.
The man who came in second.
please take the hand of the person
you've chosen and leave for Paradise.
Let's go.
Goodness.
Gosh.
Did the guys play a game
before we got here?
Yes. we had to get into a pool.
-You had to swim?
-Yes.
Second place is still impressive.
Honestly. I'm really disappointed.
I'll win the next one.
Really?
This feels strange.
I kept smiling the whole time.
It's because he's my ideal type.
and I wanted to go with him.
I dropped some hints to say "Let's go."
And when he chose me.
I was honestly really happy.
Today's Paradise-bound
couple matching is over.
LEE SI-AN
CHUNG YOU-JIN
KIM MIN-SEOL
BAE JI-YEON
KIM HYE-JIN
KIM A-RIN
KIM TE-HWAN
KOOK DONG-HO
JANG THEO
KIM JEONG-SU
YUK JUN-SEO
SINGLE'S INFERNO
We started off
by dividing the participants
into Men's and Women's Infernos.
How do you think the participants
felt about this situation?
Well. to start off this way.
-I don't think they'd feel good.
-I agree.
And they had to choose
someone they liked fast.
It was only based on looks.
Exactly.
But in a way. this might be a good thing.
If they'd been close.
they might've felt bad
about going to Paradise.
-Right.
-But they aren't close at all.
You're right.
-They won't feel bad at all.
-Right.
It's not going in?
Thank you.
PARADISE
YUK JUN-SEO & CHUNG YOU-JIN
Gosh. thank you.
Thank you.
These seats are reclined way back.
I know. right?
You must be exhausted.
so just lie down for the ride.
Is your seatbelt on?
Yes.
-I'll start the engine now.
-Okay.
How do you start this?
Let's go.
It feels like I'm dreaming.
-Me too.
-It doesn't feel…
It doesn't feel real.
It's a bit…
It really doesn't…
-Right.
-It doesn't feel real right now.
This car is fun to drive.
It's nice. Is it not?
Vroom. Let's go.
Let's go.
-"Vroom."
-She's very expressive.
-Like "woof" or "vroom."
-Yes.
"Vroom. Let's go"?
I didn't like that expression.
You can start using it too.
-You can say it too.
-"Vroom."
-The view's no joke.
-The view is so amazing.
You can see the N Seoul Tower.
I love it.
Look at the rose petals
they lined it with.
This is insane.
Wow. the view is so nice.
-We're definitely in Paradise.
-You're right.
-It's paradise.
-It truly is.
It's nice.
-Tonight. we can sleep comfortably.
-Yes.
All that hard work paid off.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
-Thank you for bringing me here.
-I'm the thankful one.
Finally. dinner's here.
It looks so delicious.
-Thank you for the meal.
-Yes. thank you as well.
-Enjoy.
-Thank you.
Is this duck?
-Maybe not? Is it steak?
-It's just filet mignon.
I rarely get to eat food like this.
-Here I am. saying it's duck.
-Wait.
-You seem…
-Yes?
really different
from my first impression of you.
Gosh. it was the sun making me scowl.
Is that so?
I was also feeling a bit embarrassed.
-I was there alone.
-That's right.
The heat. the sunlight
and a bit of confusion?
I think that's what it was.
But earlier.
we did keep making eye contact.
-That's true.
-Right?
Every time our eyes met. you smiled at me.
That left a really strong impression.
-Really?
-Yes.
I think I made the right choice.
-Really?
-Yes.
Thank you.
So how old are you?
-My age?
-Yes.
I'm 28 years old.
You're 28?
What about me?
How old do you think I am?
You're probably younger.
-How old do I look?
-Around 25?
I'm 28.
-I see.
-I'm 28 years old.
I was sure I'd be older.
I thought you'd be older than me too.
But you're not.
We're the same age.
I was imagining saying.
"So can I talk casually now?"
-Same.
-I'd thought about it.
-You're very…
-Yes?
You're very calm.
Right.
-That's why I thought you were older.
-Right.
Since we're friends.
we should speak casually.
-Should we?
-Wouldn't that be better?
-Right?
-Sounds good.
Great.
-Thank you.
-It changes the vibe too.
Yeah.
What do you do?
Do what?
-Like for a living.
-For a living?
-Your job.
-Right.
I draw.
I see.
I currently am an artist.
I got a studio.
and I've been making art on my own.
I'm thinking about how to present
my artwork to people.
And I'm considering additional aspects
to prepare an exhibition
I can hold in a unique way.
There are many forms of art.
like three-dimensional art.
installations. and sculptures.
But I focus mainly on drawing.
I didn't formally study art.
so I just draw how I want to.
YUK JUN-SEO. AGE 28
ARTIST
I can totally see it.
-I'm doing my best.
-I see.
-You're Yuk Jun-seo the artist.
-That's right.
What do you do for a living?
-Me? Take a guess.
-May I ask?
Why do you want me to guess everything?
Well. it's because you saw me
and knew nothing about me.
so I'm curious to see
what people think I do.
I see.
-Honestly…
-If you're not sure…
You seem like an actress.
-An actress?
-Yeah.
With your looks. you should be an actress.
-Really? That's praise.
-Yeah.
-Of course.
-Thanks.
Well.
I dance.
-Dance?
-Yeah.
I graduated from Ewha Womans University's
Department of Dance.
Currently. I'm pursuing
a master's in dance
at my alma mater's graduate school.
I majored in Korean dance.
And it's divided into two fields.
traditional and contemporary.
I perform in both fields.
Also. I currently teach dance
as part of a dance company.
I teach various types of dance.
ranging from ballet classes for children
to different types of dance for adults.
CHUNG YOU-JIN. AGE 28
DANCER
Wow. I didn't expect that.
-Really? You didn't?
-Nope.
We're both in the arts.
Right? I'm so glad we met.
-Seriously.
-Yeah.
I have nothing to say
when I meet business people.
I really respect them.
-But we have nothing in common.
-Right.
-So…
-Yeah?
At first.
I thought you wouldn't talk much.
-I thought you'd be like. "Oh. yes."
-Really?
I thought you'd be quiet
and not talkative.
but you're really funny.
and you have a bit of a cute side.
Not at all.
It's a completely unexpected charm.
You look so innocent when you smile.
Sure. we'll say that.
What?
Do you have any hobbies?
-Hobbies?
-Yeah.
Looking at photos of my niece.
-Really?
-It's my only joy in life.
It's such a one-sided love.
-Already?
-She pushes me away.
-She is pushing me away a little.
-Really?
Do all girls like it
when you play hard to get?
How do you even do that?
How do you play hard to get?
I'm totally clueless.
You're not the type who plays hard to get?
I just don't understand it.
You don't understand it?
At all? That's so funny.
Where do I go to learn that?
What kind of guy do you…
I feel like you're straightforward.
-You seem like it.
-Really?
So what's your type?
Me?
I like…
-Yes?
-I like straightforward guys.
-Really?
-Yeah.
I'll keep at it then.
So cute.
Jun-seo has such a gentle vibe
that's so different from his looks.
-He's charming.
-He is.
-An unexpected charm.
-Seriously.
-Definitely.
-Yes.
He asks a question and becomes so shy.
He can't even look her in the eye.
He can't speak properly either.
I initially thought
he'd be quiet and not very talkative.
-But he's really good at talking.
-Yeah.
I'm not sure if it's because
they have some kind of connection.
You-jin seems good
at leading the conversation.
-Right.
-She brings up topics well.
-It strangely feels like she's leading.
-You're right.
She's creating the overall atmosphere.
PARADISE
KIM JEONG-SU & LEE SI-AN
Let's go.
I'm hungry.
Let's hurry and eat.
-It looks so good.
-Yeah. it does.
Wait. should we eat first?
First…
-Do you want some pasta?
-Yes.
Should we have the salad first?
-No. the pasta first.
-The pasta?
-I'll give you some more.
-No.
-Do you want more?
-Yes. please.
Okay.
All right.
My hands are full.
-Enjoy!
-Enjoy.
Here you go.
-I guess we were exhausted.
-Yeah.
How old are you?
-Me?
-Yes.
-I'm 33.
-Really?
How old are you?
You look young for your age.
-You look young.
-I don't.
My age? How old do I look?
Well…
You seem mature.
but I feel like you're really young.
Oh. I like that.
Twenty-five?
You're good at guessing.
Thank you.
You can speak casually.
Should we do that then?
-Yeah.
-Should we?
What do you do for work?
Take a guess.
-I think…
-Yeah?
You seem like you'd be a news anchor.
-No?
-A news anchor?
I'm not.
Model?
-Yes.
-A model?
Yeah.
I am a model.
I'm currently working
as a model for an athleisure brand.
I also model for beauty brands.
lookbooks. and commercials.
LEE SI-AN. AGE 25
MODEL
It suits you.
What about you?
Why are you suddenly so formal?
I run an F&B business.
It's related to coffee shops and bakeries.
I run a coffee shop.
Currently. I run five shops.
including locations in Seongsu and Hannam.
We take our coffee seriously.
using beans we roast ourselves.
I'm also involved in operations
like staff management.
facility maintenance.
and menu development.
KIM JEONG-SU. AGE 33
BAKERY AND COFFEE SHOP OWNER
So you're the boss?
-That's so cool.
-Not at all.
How did you feel when I picked you?
I was so happy.
-Really?
-Yeah.
When I saw you coming…
My ideal type is someone
with a gentle. puppy-like face.
-Really?
-But you were very…
You were smiling a lot
and looked really nice.
I thought I didn't have
any expression at all.
That's not true.
-You looked really nice.
-Really?
Yeah. a good first impression.
I mean. you saw the other girls.
So… They didn't interest you?
Well…
There was just someone in white
smiling really beautifully.
-That's all.
-Really?
But…
-Honestly. I barely looked.
-Really?
I just decided to trust my gut
in that moment.
I feel embarrassed.
With these two.
their conversation flows so naturally.
They're not forcing it.
Yeah. it doesn't feel forced.
Since Jeong-su's bangs were in the way.
I couldn't get a good look at him.
From my brief glances. he's good-looking.
-But you thought that from the start.
-I did?
-He was in your top three.
-Yeah.
-I was more drawn to his voice then.
-To his voice?
Now. his looks too?
He has a face you wouldn't get tired of.
Jeong-su is so natural and experienced.
I think women might feel
comfortable around him.
I got the feeling
that Si-an was really into him.
Her question asking what he thought
about the other women proves that.
-Right.
-Yeah.
Women don't ask such things
if they're uninterested. right?
That's right.
-Like. "What about the other girls?"
-Right.
I think that was important.
-She's into him.
-She is.
Jeong-su seems pretty relaxed and at ease.
PARADISE
YUK JUN-SEO & CHUNG YOU-JIN
It's a private swimming pool.
Yeah. you're right.
It's warm.
-Right?
-Not bad.
I like it.
I like that it's warmer than I expected.
You went underwater?
Hold on. You went under right away?
Things were pretty physical earlier.
-Right.
-So…
-I had to go underwater.
-Right.
But I couldn't see anything.
-I couldn't see.
-That's hilarious.
-Really?
-Yeah.
You really are Aquaman.
You really do look similar.
-You want to do a lap?
-Yeah. come on.
He's like a sophisticated
and handsome brute.
I don't know why people like us
are so unrefined.
-"People like us."
-Why are we so unrefined?
This is so nice.
-I wonder what we'll do tomorrow.
-Right? Tomorrow…
-It's hard not to think about it. right?
-Tomorrow…
Go back to Inferno and play another game?
Then. someone else will go
to Paradise or something like that.
Yeah. probably.
I wonder what game we'll play.
It'll be my battle now.
-A fight between the women.
-The women?
The women.
Do well and let me
come back one more time.
-Okay?
-All right.
Don't forget. okay?
The way you talk is so funny.
I'm counting on you.
-I got it.
-I'm kidding.
This is fun.
-So the leaves were falling from there.
-Yeah.
I was wondering
where they were coming from.
It was right above us.
This is pretty romantic.
It's how the leaves are falling.
This is like sugar water for me.
-"Sugar water"!
-It's so sweet.
-It's sweet.
-It is?
-It's sweet?
-Yes. the water is so sweet.
-You're so funny.
-Isn't it great?
Let's come back.
Let's come back here.
Next time.
PARADISE
KIM JEONG-SU & LEE SI-AN
-Want some champagne?
-Sure.
Thank you.
-Should I open this first?
-Sounds good.
You have to open it without the pop.
I'm a little scared.
-Is it loud?
-What?
-No.
I think he'll be good at that.
-A hiss means it worked.
-Really?
How was that?
It worked?
-I did well. right?
-You did.
-Goodness.
-It worked.
It did. He's so skilled.
-He's opened a few before.
-How many has he done?
-It's not an easy thing.
-He's experienced.
-Cheers.
-To what?
-I don't know.
I'm not sure.
Cheers to our first time in Paradise.
-Did you drink it?
-No. not yet.
-Cheers to…
-Our first time in Paradise.
I love it.
-Is it good?
-It is.
Don't you think
we're more relaxed now than before?
-I agree.
-Right?
We've grown closer.
You're right.
But then. when we go back tomorrow…
"Who are you?"
-We greet each other awkwardly.
-I think…
I think it'll be really interesting.
Among all those people.
if I see you again…
Right.
I'd want you to win every game.
-And be the best at whatever you do.
-The best.
Now. there's weight on my shoulders.
I was already struggling
with heavy bags earlier.
That's how I feel.
I'll try my best.
When you first walked up.
you looked really cool.
You looked pretty too.
I have something in my throat.
I'll just have some fries.
This is fun.
-Want to put on some sheet masks?
-Sure.
-Did you bring some?
-Yeah.
Put it on for me.
-You want me to do it for you?
-Yeah.
Sure. give it to me.
Put your face here.
It fits perfectly.
It's nice.
I think I did a bad job.
Really?
Shoot.
-You did it on purpose. right?
-No.
To mess with me?
Done.
-Good?
-Yes.
Hold on.
-Good night.
Perfect.
-It's so cold. right?
-What?
-I'll raise the temperature.
-Okay.
My legs are sticking out. but it's okay.
-Just sleep here.
-It's okay.
-It might be more comfortable.
-No. I like it here.
-Isn't it uncomfortable?
-What?
What if you fall?
It's perfect.
But…
This bed is so big.
And your legs are sticking out.
-Are you asleep?
-No.
It's our first night.
First time in Paradise.
Thank you so much.
Seriously.
The tone and pace in which way they speak
and everything about them…
-It's flawless.
-It's so relaxed.
Seriously.
There aren't any signs of being flustered.
I'm sure they must feel awkward.
Si-an is completely into Jeong-su.
Yes.
She doesn't want to. but she's been
charmed by how smooth he is.
You're right.
But when someone is that smooth.
it makes me think
you'd become a bit uneasy.
-That's not it.
-Too experienced?
He doesn't make it seem
like he's being smooth.
From an outsider's point of view.
he seems smooth.
But when you're actually there.
it actually seems genuine.
I'm starting to become curious
about Jeong-su.
They're having smooth conversations.
and it feels natural.
But I didn't feel any excitement
while watching.
-Right.
-Like…
I see it in Si-an.
But I wonder if Jeong-su is always
like that with someone he likes
or if he's interested in someone.
does he become a bit awkward?
And would that make him more charming?
But so far.
it feels like his emotional state
didn't change at all.
I can't tell if he actually
has feelings for her or…
This is how men
in their thirties are these days.
-What?
-This is what they're like.
What are they like?
No matter how beautiful someone may be.
they don't immediately
fall head over heels for someone.
Even if she's stunning. they want to
know more about her personality first.
-Right.
-So maybe…
he's a guy who starts calm
and gradually becomes passionate?
That's what I think.
MEN'S INFERNO
It really looks like a meal made by guys.
Wow. this meal really is plain.
It's just the guys?
I guess so.
This isn't what I expected.
We're spending the night together.
What?
-A woman?
-They're here?
Who is it?
-Who is it?
-Who's coming?
A sudden raid at night?
Is it Min-seol?
Subtitle translation by: Hye Min Eom